- History
	- The beginning of the world had only the [[Kane Ena]]
	- The [[Kane Ena]] lived in the heart of the world learning and connecting with the flora and fauna around her. She observed how the natural world procreated and multiplied. She desired to have her own family and so look to create for her self.
	- In exploring this type of creation the [[Chikako]] was created; the first child of the [[Kane Ena]]
	- The [[Chikako]] desired to learn and grow more and so remained aloof from his original creator. This prompted the [[Kane Ena]] to create another child that would remain closer to her. She then created the [[Ngi]]. The [[Ngi]] remained closer to the [[Kane Ena]] and grew along side her. This resulted in powers that are tied to the world itself.
	- The three deities were the only ones in the world for a long time. Each one grew and developed in their own goals through this time. 
		- [[Chikako]] developed more knowledge within the world of the deities and the world of the humans. She gathered helpers in the world of the deities, birds, lemurs and other animals that could courier knowledge to and from. She is the reason for people to begin to record their knowledge and learn from their own history.
		- [[Ngi]] cultivated the mountains to create cities of stone. In the human world he provided them with the same infrastructure to build themselves into civilizations. When humans began to fight with each other and war, thats when the defensive walls and large fortresses were established. [[Ngi]] created grand walls that spanned entire continents. He also erected large fortresses with his own being the largest and most grand. (Think Minas Tirith from Lord of the Rings but more blocky)
	- With humans beginning to war one with another, [[Kane Ena]] grew cold and sad towards humanity. Within the turmoil of her own feelings, [[Kane Ena]] desired to create another child. However, being lost in her feelings she created twins, one that embodied the very cold itself and the other being the frightened destruction of lightning and storm.
	- [[Bjørn]] took to isolating himself in the mountains of [[2.0 Frostrike]] and there he remained isolated from everyone else. As [[Bjørn]] journeyed across the entire world he learned how to navigate the mountains, forests, and seas. 
		- [[Bjørn]] after learning himself how to navigate and explore the land, [[Bjørn]] provided the people the knowledge of exploration and navigation. 
	- [[Kaplakhan]] was immediately destructive and caused much destruction in the heart of the world. One of the largest fires the world had ever seen was ignited and could have caused the loss of connection that [[Kane Ena]] had with the human world if it destroyed the sanctuary. [[Kane Ena]] offered him the plains of the north where he would be able to develop and grow on his own without the fear of destroying.
	- [[Kaplakhan]] took to the plains and roamed without fear causing storms and striking the land with his lighting. Although grass fires would ignite, there would be no permanent destruction.
	- [[Kaplakhan]] grew bitter because as he saw it he was cast out. He grew bitter of the other deities and so gave nothing to humans. In fact he persuaded the humans that lived in his domain to avoid the other blessings that came from the other deities. The humans in the plains never developed any cities remaining a nomadic people. Their history was passed down by word of mouth never writing anything down. And although they would roam the plains they would never explore further beyond their plains. 
- Current State of the worlds
	- Humans began to grow in their own, creating their own civilizations and also growing closer to the desires of their respective deity. Through the growth of the human world, there were growing pains. The people would war one with another looking to corner land a resources. During this time the nations began to shake out and form into what they are today.
	- Once the nations formed, they started to develop on their own and then began to develop international relations. 
	- The fledgling nation of [[1.0 Constituto Empire]] observed to have some of the greatest resources that others would need. The people of the [[2.0 Frostrike]], being natural navigators and moving freely across the ocean, and then the people of [[5.0 Tihi Kohatu]] seeing it as an opportunity to further fortify themselves decided to wage war with [[1.0 Constituto Empire]] to conquer the valuable. Although both waring with [[1.0 Constituto Empire]] they did not work together.
	- The people of [[2.0 Frostrike]] looking to stirke the [[1.0 Constituto Empire]] on multiple fronts looked to come in from the plains of [[3.0 Suirlin]]. When landing in the plains, they saw the [[3.0 Suirlin]] people fought back and so encured the wrath of the [[2.0 Frostrike]] raiders. This ended up splitting the [[2.0 Frostrike]] forces and would contribute to the loss in the war with the [[1.0 Constituto Empire]]. 
	- The raiders were more successful though in the north taking many [[3.0 Suirlin]] slaves. This incurred the wrath of [[Kaplakhan]] and started his plan to kill the other deities.
	- [[3.0 Suirlin]] and [[4.0 Chishiki no Kaze]] did not participate in the war as it did not have any value to their own goals. 
	- The great war lasted 117 years and ended with the [[1.0 Constituto Empire]] successfully defending the attackers. They were able to make peace with the [[5.0 Tihi Kohatu]] showing that they would be able to successfully defend this part of the world. The treaty was signed by all the other countries except for [[2.0 Frostrike]] who although warded off did not stop raiding and taking what they could when they could.
	- With the kidnapping of the [[3.0 Suirlin]], [[Kaplakhan]] went to [[Bjørn]] telling him that he should live within his realm to be able to provide support for his people and to better assimilate them into their new life. [[Bjørn]] not caring enough to reject him allowed [[Kaplakhan]] to prowl his realm thinking nothing of it. 
- Future
	- The invasion of the [[2.0 Frostrike]]
		- When the [[1.0 Constituto Empire]] invaded, it caused [[Bjørn]] to be distracted with his people being ravaged. [[Bjørn]] was focused on what was happening to his people and was not focused on what [[Kaplakhan]] was doing. [[Kaplakhan]] took this opportunity to sneak into his throne room and set a trap. When [[Bjørn]] returned to his throne room [[Kaplakhan]] collapsed the cave and most of [[Bjørn]]'s entourage and injured [[Bjørn]] himself. The remaining body guards fell to [[Kaplakhan]] himself. With [[Bjørn]] being injured he was not able to match [[Kaplakhan]] in strength and so was slain by him.
		- When [[Bjørn]] was slain, all snow storms stopped and all tier 3 [[Ice Born]] lost their higher powers. this allowed the [[1.0 Constituto Empire]] to sweep through the rest of the [[2.0 Frostrike]] forces with some retreating into the mountains further to look for their deity and regain power.
		- After killing [[Bjørn]], [[Kaplakhan]] saw the growing strength of the [[1.0 Constituto Empire]] and plotted to corrupt and use them.
	- The plan to unite
		- With the coalition being created, [[Kaplakhan]] saw the opportunity to use the [[1.0 Constituto Empire]] as the catalyst to murder the other deities. He set his focus on killing [[Chikako]] knowing that [[Ngi]] would be much more difficult.
	- The coalition war
		- During the coalition war, [[Kaplakhan]] used the same strategy to murder [[Chikako]]. He used the distraction of the invaders to sneak up and slay [[Chikako]].
		- Once again, when [[Chikako]] died, the winds of the mountians died and the 3rd level [[Wind Born]] lost power.
		- [[Kaplakhan]] then moved to kill [[Ngi]]
		- [[Kaplakhan]] was unable to kill [[Ngi]] but was able to injury him hindering him from stopping [[Kaplakhan]] from invading the heart of the world. 
	- The invasion of the heart of the world
		- As the invasion continues, [[Kaplakhan]] moves into the heart of the world but is not able to move into it in the world of deities. Because of this he has the emperor agree to become the avatar and so embodies them.
		- [[Kaplakhan]] and the emperor are stopped by [[1.1.0 Marcus Equites]] being the avatar of [[Serafina]].
	- The rebuilding of the world
		- In the tears of learning that her children were murdered, [[Kane Ena]] weeps for a long time. From her tears a new deity is born. The deity of water and the springs of life.