#World/Locations
#Origin_Location

- Roman/Pompeii [[1.0 Constituto Empire]] (Established Empire)
- Northern Africa or [[6.0 Abodeena]] (Mother of Nature)
- Tongan or [[5.0 Tihi Kohatu]] (Foundation of Stone)
- Norway [[2.0 Frostrike]] (Frozen Tribe)
- Japan or [[4.0 Chishiki no Kaze]] (Wind of Knowledge)
- Mongolia [[3.0 Suirlin]] (Power of Destruction) 

- World of the Deities
	- No one knows how each world was established but they were just there
	- Geographically the world of deities is similar to the world of humans. One of the differences is that the location associated with its caretaker is influenced by them drastically.
	-  There are no signs of humans, no cities, no roads, etc.
	- Animals appear the same here as they do in the World of Deities but with a much greater abundance.
	- The land that would be home to the [[1.0 Constituto Empire]] is dotted with many more active volcanos, [[Serafina]] residing in a cave at the top of the largest volcano that would be the location of #Mons_Igni . Around the volcanos however, has very fertile land. Large lush forests growing around the base of each volcano. Rivers of lava flow through the land and out into the ocean.
		- The cave is lit by the volcano that runs down the sides of the cave. 
	- The land that would be home to the [[2.0 Frostrike]] is in one constant blizzard. There are many more war polar bears. [[Bjørn]] roams the land with an entourage of war polar bears following him. He also resides in a cave that is within the tallest peak of the mountain range. This cave is made entirely of ice. Stalactites and stalagmites of ice decorate the entirety of the cave. There is an ice throne that [[Bjørn]] rules from.
	- The land that would be home to the [[3.0 Suirlin]] is almost the exact same. There are many more lightning storms but the landscape looks the same. [[Kaplakhan]] used to roam the land solo hunting anything that he pleased. When he begun his plan to kill the deities, he moved to [[Bjørn]]'s realm so that he could cunningly kill him.
	- The land that would be home to the [[4.0 Chishiki no Kaze]] looks the same as the human world. The only change is that there are many more updrafts allowing for the birds to fly around easily. [[Chikako]] roosts atop the tallest peak inside of her own library. She is surrounded by scrolls and books that she and her other scholars, birds and monkeys?, have written.
	- The land that would be home to the [[5.0 Tihi Kohatu]] looks the same as the human world. There are plenty of mountain quarries and [[Ngi]] has a large fortress of stone atop it. The fortress is guarded other primates not made of stone. The fortress is enormous in size and is built into the mountain side.
	- The heart of the world is the exact same in the human world as it is in the World of Deities. [[Kane Ena]] has had control of this land and is able to exert her will on both sides of the veil. The animals and vegetation all move and act to her will. All the vegetation has grown to its maximum size and all the animals are close to the same level of intelligence as humans. 

- Locations in the world of [[Over World Name]] are based on real earth people/civilizations.

- Locations without magic? [[Non Origin Locations]]
- 

